>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay so,
if I was learning linked list for
the first time and
you wanted to give me some key advice,
what would it be?
>> Speaker 2: Being able to reference
your head and your tail as vital
to your survival of the linked
list?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
Holding those references, super key.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What else?
What about when you iterate through it?
What about iterating backwards?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Can you
do that?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Why not?
>> Speaker 2: Only if it's a w.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Only if it's a w.
>> Speaker 2: Then it's going back
and forth.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep,
absolutely.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Or
you can't usually do it, at least.
>> Speaker 3: Yes,
I have a question that I think maybe
pertains to my misunderstanding of how
memory actually works.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Sure.
>> Speaker 3: But we said
earlier on that linked list are often
used to compose of their data structures.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
>> Speaker 3: But they seemed so
much scarier and
more complex than other data structures.
I mean is there something like overhead
for attaching these extra properties or
is it just like yeah, for
implementation it's actually memory clutch
application is so different that it
doesn't matter or it's the.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So I'm hearing two
things, I'm hearing that seems a lot more
complicated than other data structures and
also is it actually faster?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah,
yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And so I think for
the computer they don't
care about complexity.
They just care about in terms of what we
think reasoning about something might be
difficult for us, a computer doesn't care.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: The things
that are complex are the things
that are slow on a linked list.
It really just,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Basically,
if you don't want to, if you're.
If you are trying to operate on
the ends of a data structure,
either the beginning or the end,
the linked list is gonna be fast for that.
It's not gonna be the answer for
everything.
As you can see, if we're trying to remove
a node without a reference to the previous
node, we actually have to loop through it.
However, if you have the reference
to the previous node,
you can delete the next node
very easily in constant time.
So these are details that kind of make or
break the data structure.
And so the fact that they're
being implemented under the hood
of other data structures.
The people who are writing the spec for
the language and
the implementation of it are the ones
who are deciding what's best for this.
What technical remove
method would we use if we
are talking about
collisions on a hash table.
So I know that answers your question.
Kind of hand wavy.
But it really depends and
you probably won't be
necessarily like in an interview,
you're not gonna sit down.
They're not gonna sit down and like okay.
Write a hash table from scratch,
handle detections, use a linked list or
handle collision,
use a linked list to remediate that.
That's probably not a question
you're gonna get, but
underneath the hood when
you are creating an object.
Maybe one of your keys does have a
collision and underneath the hood, someone
took the time to implement a linked
list because that made sense for them.
That is not the only way to handle
collisions, it is just one example.
I don't actually know what the job script
implementation uses to handle collisions.